Book - Update logistics (#5)
ICESAT-2HackWeek/ICESat-2-Hackweek-2023: book/logistics.md

## Location

> * Tutorials and courses will occur in the _REPLACE_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tutorials and courses will occur in the [University of Washington South Campus Center](https://hsasf.hsa.washington.edu/instructional-support/crs/matrix/scc/) Room 221.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/orgs/ICESAT-2HackWeek/projects/10/views/2?pane=issue&itemId=29496365

* Doors open at 8:00 am each morning (Monday-Friday). We will start the morning
  sessions at 8:30 am sharp.
* Due to space limitations, only registered participants will be allowed
  to attend the tutorials and open working sessions.
* Participants are expected to attend all scheduled activities.
  Contact icesat2-hackweek@uw.edu if any circumstances prevent you from attending.

## Dorms

* Dorms are all single/double rooms and each contain a private bathroom.
* Participants who opt to will be staying at [Oak Hall](https://hfs.uw.edu/live-on-campus/Undergraduate-Housing/Oak-Hall), in north campus.
  Please Check in after 2pm at the front desk on Sunday, August 6th.
* Check out is by 11am on Saturday, August 12th. There will be a room where you
  can store your luggage if your flight leaves later that day. Please let us
  know immediately by emailing icesat2-hackweek@uw.edu if you plan on arriving/departing
  at an earlier/later date.

> * The front desk can direct you to the _REPLACE_ where the meetings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The front desk can direct you to the South Campus Center where the meetings
```
